1. Our services 
Our mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. To help advance this mission, we provide the products and services described below to you:
Provide a personalised experience for you:
Your experience on Facebook is unlike anyone else's: from the posts, stories, events, ads and other content that you see in News Feed or our video platform to the Pages that you follow and other features that you might use, such as Trending, Marketplace and search. We use the data we have – for example, about the connections you make, the choices and settings you select, and what you share and do on and off our Products – to personalise your experience.
Connect you with people and organisations that you care about:
We help you find and connect with people, groups, businesses, organisations and others that matter to you across the Facebook Products you use. We use the data that we have to make suggestions for you and others – for example, groups to join, events to attend, Pages to follow or send a message to, shows to watch and people who you may want to become friends with. Stronger ties make for better communities, and we believe that our services are most useful when people are connected to people, groups and organisations that they care about.
Empower you to express yourself and communicate about what matters to you:
There are many ways to express yourself on Facebook and to communicate with friends, family and others about what matters to you – for example, sharing status updates, photos, videos and stories across the Facebook Products that you use, sending messages to a friend or several people, creating events or groups, or adding content to your profile. We have also developed, and continue to explore, new ways for people to use technology, such as augmented reality and 360 video to create and share more expressive and engaging content on Facebook.
Help you discover content, products and services that may interest you:
We show you ads, offers and other sponsored content to help you discover content, products and services that are offered by the many businesses and organisations that use Facebook and other Facebook Products. Our partners pay us to show their content to you, and we design our services so that the sponsored content you see is as relevant and useful to you as everything else that you see on our Products.
Combat harmful conduct, and protect and support our community:
People will only build community on Facebook if they feel safe. We employ dedicated teams around the world and develop advanced technical systems to detect misuse of our Products, harmful conduct towards others and situations where we may be able to help support or protect our community. If we learn of content or conduct like this, we will take appropriate action – for example, offering help, removing content, blocking access to certain features, disabling an account or contacting law enforcement. We share data with other Facebook Companies when we detect misuse or harmful conduct by someone using one of our Products.
Use and develop advanced technologies to provide safe and functional services for everyone:
We use and develop advanced technologies such as artificial intelligence, machine learning systems and augmented reality so that people can use our Products safely regardless of physical ability or geographic location. For example, technology like this helps people who have visual impairments understand what or who is in photos or videos shared on Facebook or Instagram. We also build sophisticated network and communication technology to help more people connect to the Internet in areas with limited access. And we develop automated systems to improve our ability to detect and remove abusive and dangerous activity that may harm our community and the integrity of our Products.
Research ways to make our services better:
We engage in research and collaborate with others to improve our Products. One way we do this is by analysing the data we have and understanding how people use our Products. You can learn more about some of our research efforts.
Provide consistent and seamless experiences across the Facebook Company Products:
Our Products help you find and connect with people, groups, businesses, organisations and others that are important to you. We design our systems so that your experience is consistent and seamless across the different Facebook Company Products that you use. For example, we use data about the people you engage with on Facebook to make it easier for you to connect with them on Instagram or Messenger, and we enable you to communicate with a business that you follow on Facebook through Messenger.
Enable global access to our services:
To operate our global service, we need to store and distribute content and data in our data centres and systems around the world, including outside your country of residence. This infrastructure may be operated or controlled by Facebook, Inc., Facebook Ireland Limited or its affiliates.
